I'm Vicki MacDonald and I'm at Holy Trinity Church at Handedno for the Longest Yarn
and I'm with Sue Aspinall who's going to talk about her father's experiences during the war.
Thank you Sue, so you know a little about your father and you have some memories of it.
Yes I do and my father was Cecil Rigby and he initially joined the army
but was caught on the beaches in Dunkirk, so when I say caught in the boat.
So he managed to get back but had significant sort of problems with his kidney so much so that they
rushed him to my grandmother's house at the time and operated on him on a kidney and on the wooden
kitchen table and obviously I wasn't born then but so from what I can gather he then came out
of the army and joined the air force and was very successful in that he became a squadron leader with
Spitfires and he still didn't really talk an awful lot about it. We know he was based down there and
he was based at one stage with two other people and my mother kept flat for them so they could
when they weren't on duty they could go and relax there. So he had a very distinguished career
because he became a squadron leader having gone in as was he a pilot? Yes he was so he'd like to fly
and and rose quite up the ranks so talking about the problems on his kidney it was something that
happened at Dunkirk which was that he drank? Well I'm assuming as the story goes that he drank
water from sea water or infected water and he was very lucky to get on a boat to come home.
And to be operated on the kitchen table was something else too? It was a big wooden one.
Was it? A good table.
I don't know quite how they sorted it out that's where the story goes anyway.
Thanks Sue very much that was lovely thank you thanks very much.